here at the tannery cookery school I
always emphasize how easy it is to cook
good proper simple food I want to
introduce a recipe that's a particular
favor of mine its cottage pie but I
wanted to cook it my way I have some
lovely ingredients here I have the best
of Irish mincemeat I have some lovely
tomato ketchup I have some marinade me
this is a beautiful beautiful marinade
just because it says marinade it doesn't
mean you have to use it as a marinade
only use it as a seasoning for food so
I'm just gonna chop an onion and put it
into this pan also while I'm putting in
as well are some bacon lardons I'm
always telling people that he let
somebody do the work for you if possible
and this is a classic example of that is
a beautifully caught smoked bacon
lardons that i use what pasta i used
with all sorts of things but in here
unusually I'm adding these into the
cottage pipe to give a lovely flavour to
cook good food you gotta have good
produce it's as simple as that and this
beef it's a hundred percent Irish beef
you can't get better than that
the secret of mashed potatoes in my view
is generosity I mean in fairness okay
half the time I worry about my waistline
or nearly all the time but butter and
milk make beautiful mashed potatoes okay
it's up to you how much butter you use
if you're feeling naughty you've had a
bad day at the office
add a little bit extra so posh and Irish
butter you can pieces the classic
cottage pie of course has mash but I
wanted to make a different type of mesh
and I also love having an emphasis on
Irish food and what's really Irish is
our Paris I'm gonna make a parsnip mash
top up with cheddar cheese and the depth
of flavor that's in here because of all
my lovely ingredients it'll make a
really well dish you'd surprise people
these persons are just gonna be put in
with the potatoes and more them cook
everything together boil them up and
then mash them up
now I'm gonna surprise you this stuff is
really really brilliant I tasted it and
I was looking for something to use it in
and that's quite often what I do
anything that you can use in your
cooking that you keep in the cupboard
I'm a huge fan of because it means life
is way easier so all I'm going to do
just put some of this into my mince
now this ketchup is fantastic stuff it's
smooth not too vinegary they've done
taste tests with this ketchup and it is
won all around us taste it and see it is
really beautiful
so some salt and pepper in here and
we're nearly done
oh mama I love mash so probably okay now
to taste which is hugely important
they're lovely little bit of water
they're just smiling at me Bobby
putting it together is really easy
anybody can do it all I'm going to do is
put mints into the bottom of the dish
put the mash on top and then top it with
beautiful mature Irish cheddar the color
will be lovely
simple as that into a nice hot oven for
about 15-20 minutes and you're done I'm
getting hungry there you have it my
college pie with parsnip mash and lovely
melted cheddar cheese